README.md, before:

# Stores and products (JS)

### This is the MVC app with stores and products that imitates the work of SAPUI5 framework but based on native JavaScript.

---

## Video demo:

https://github.com/Shist/Stores-and-products-JS-/assets/40572268/07400308-f226-40a6-be52-42835b54f37e

---

### This app is based on back server which you can find and download [here](https://github.com/Shist/Stores-and-products-back-server)

---

## Instruction for launching this project

1. Go to the folder on your PC where you want to install the project:
   `cd "your-folder"`
1. Download the server files from their repository:
   `git clone https://github.com/Shist/Stores-and-products-back-server`
1. Go to the server folder:
   `cd Stores-and-products-back-server`
1. Install all needed server dependencies:
   `npm install`
1. Run the server:
   `node .`
1. Move back to root folder:
   `cd ..`
1. Download and install files of this project (front side):
   `git clone https://github.com/Shist/Stores-and-products-JS-`
1. Go to the front app folder:
   `cd Stores-and-products-JS-`
1. Install all needed front side dependencies:
   `npm install`
1. Run the front app with some server (you can use [MAMP](https://www.mamp.info/en/windows/) for example). Attention: do not use LiveServer from VS Code for this as it can cause problems with POST / PUT / DELETE requests to the server.

---

## Technologies used in the project

- HTML
- CSS
- Javascript
- MVC pattern
- JS Docs
- Fetch API
- Promises
- Async / Await
- GET / POST / PUT / DELETE methods
- LocalStorage
- Modules
- Imports / Exports

Commit message:

Added note about twin-project on UI5 to README.md

README.md, after:

# Stores and products (JS)

### This is the MVC app with stores and products that imitates the work of SAPUI5 framework but based on native JavaScript.

---

### This project has a [twin project](https://github.com/Shist/Stores-and-products-UI5-) which has almost same functional however written on UI5 framework.

---

## Video demo:

https://github.com/Shist/Stores-and-products-JS-/assets/40572268/07400308-f226-40a6-be52-42835b54f37e

---

### This app is based on back server which you can find and download [here](https://github.com/Shist/Stores-and-products-back-server)

---

## Instruction for launching this project

1. Go to the folder on your PC where you want to install the project:
   `cd "your-folder"`
1. Download the server files from their repository:
   `git clone https://github.com/Shist/Stores-and-products-back-server`
1. Go to the server folder:
   `cd Stores-and-products-back-server`
1. Install all needed server dependencies:
   `npm install`
1. Run the server:
   `node .`
1. Move back to root folder:
   `cd ..`
1. Download and install files of this project (front side):
   `git clone https://github.com/Shist/Stores-and-products-JS-`
1. Go to the front app folder:
   `cd Stores-and-products-JS-`
1. Install all needed front side dependencies:
   `npm install`
1. Run the front app with some server (you can use [MAMP](https://www.mamp.info/en/windows/) for example). Attention: do not use LiveServer from VS Code for this as it can cause problems with POST / PUT / DELETE requests to the server.

---

## Technologies used in the project

- HTML
- CSS
- Javascript
- MVC pattern
- JS Docs
- Fetch API
- Promises
- Async / Await
- GET / POST / PUT / DELETE methods
- LocalStorage
- Modules
- Imports / Exports
